CIRC-10983 - IRONdb 1.2.0 & irondb-relay 0.1.1 Release Notes (#46)
circonus/product-docs: irondb/release-notes.md

# Release Notes

## Changes in 1.2.0

2024-03-27

> **NOTE: This release bumps the metric index version from 4 to 5. Upon update, new indexes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: This release bumps the metric index version from 4 to 5. Upon restart, new indexes
```

will be built and the old ones will be deleted. This process will use a significant amount

> of memory while the indexes are being rebuilt. It will also cause the first time the node is
> booted after the update to take longer than usual.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of memory while the indexes are being rebuilt. It will also cause the first post-update
boot to take longer than usual.**
```

 * Update index version from 4 to 5.
 * Automatically clean up old index versions on startup to make sure outdated indexes don't
   clog the disk.
 * Fix Ubuntu 20.04 specific bug where nodes could crash when trying to clean up status files
   when rollup up raw shards.
 * Fix issue with level indexes where data was being lost when deleting metrics on levels
   where the metric has multiple tags.
 * Fix issue where level indexes were incorrectly reporting that levels existed when all
   underlying metrics had been removed.

>  * Add new API endpoints, `/compact_indexes" and `/invalidate_index_cache`, that allow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add new API endpoints, `/compact_indexes` and `/invalidate_index_cache`, that allow
```

>    forcing compaction and cache invalidation for specific accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   forcing compaction and cache invalidation for specific accounts, respectively.
```
